Requirement Report:
The needs of the users when viewing the website is to obtain product information that are relevant to them such as description and purpose of the item, instructions, examples of work and purchase details (price, collections, bundles). Since the product it is still in development, users may be interested in the product development timeline and be informed about official release.
Collecting data from NEXMAP website and the kickstarter page such as item description, pricing, product progression etc. Processing the data into appropriate, necessary information for the website subpages and in the perspective of the group promoting the product. Stores the information in a word document and extracted when the website framework is established. Displaying the information gathered and place onto the website for end-users to view. //add more processes
The users and participants of the program is the developers who creates the website, the original owners and kickstarters the product and their contribution of production information. The end-user which is assigned by the teacher that views and evaluate websites criteria of success.
The available information technology needed for the development of the program includes a computer to access all necessary software such as Adobe dreamweaver, Indesign, photoshop etc. //add more information technology
The data/information of the system include the names of developers of both the website and product, the cost of product, images provided by the developers of the product, description of product and what it entails. A video source is available with content that is designed primarily to introduce the product and create interest in investing in the product for the the end-users. Other provided information such as contact details in case of users and participants’ need to contact the developers for issues such as accreditation concerns. 

Explain how you will meet each of these needs.
The needs stated above can be met by reading over the campaign website Kickstarter and NEXMAP the official website where the creators post information for both retailers and businesses and consumers. From there we could extract the data/information that satisfies the needs of users such as description, cost and value. 

Explain what Information Technology needs to be provided, or why none needs to be provided.
A desktop/laptop with the required software and has the capabilities to handle and process the work done. 
Some sort of cloud sharing software that allows files and progress to be shared and recorded for every member of the group. 

List of development tools:
Google drive
Google docs
Github
Adobe Dreamweaver
Adobe inDesign
Adobe Photoshop
Hardware/software operating environment:
School
home
Main features of the digital media components:
Text font
Graphic type/resolution
Images
video

Implementing
Log book
The project was suspended over the winter holiday break in july. As a result subsequently to this date no further progress has been made. Work has commenced on 24/07/2018

24JUL2018:
During this lesson we commenced work on the project, and allocated roles and taskings. Min will by the end of this lesson complete a framework for the website, Harry will have researched marketing for the website and Angy will have completed a Context Diagram for the system. Su will complete a gantt chart and document the relevant information in a presentable format. Min will also make a Data flow Diagram (Level 1).
The actual gantt chart will be completed as development of the project goes. This will be concurrent with the logbook. Any events logged will be reflected on the gantt chart. 

26JUL2018:
During this period, we started to do work on the actual website development with Min working on the website storyboard for the four web pages: home, contacts, more information, TS. Angy made the draft for the infographic separating the page into subheadings and set the basic layout of the page uses _Adobe InDesign_(add software). Harry Liu was assigned to research the content that needs to be included into the websites with different pages.

27JUL2018:
Following along the website storyboard made the day before, Min made the basic framework, adding a navigation bar from W3 school and linked each page together. Created a margin base used throughout the pages for consistency. Incorporated the information gathered by harry Liu from yesterday under the tag <p>. Added elements such as images, video, slideshows, collapse tabs, double column structure. Angy started making the infographic adding information gained from the kickstarter website.

30JUL2018:
Min continued working on the implementation of the website creator a basic footer with a placeholder colour to differentiate the background colour. Min also reformatted the webpages and attempted to add a icon in the navigation bar. Angy incorporated images in the infographic to fill up the empty spaces and making the infographic more engaging. Finished the infographic by the end of class.

03AUG2018:
For this lesson, Min and Harry swapped roles with documentation and the website coding. Min completed the requirement report, the series of questions asked in the planning stage and continued with adding logbook entries. Angy started with a paper draft version of the pamphlet for both sides. 

06AUG2018
With the pamphlet draft made a few days ago, Angy was implementing the digital media using inDesign. Harry liu was re-assigned to search and provide the necessary information for the websites since the content given was in-efficient. Min had to re-draw a storyboard for the website since the previous one was lost. Harry Su finished formatting home page and contacts page.

08AUG2018
Harry Su has completed all the HTML and CSS for the official website framework and Angy has completed the double sided pamphlet. Finished answering questions for designing stage. 

09AUG2018
Every member in the group has completed with writing individual evaluations, ready to be submitted. Website is officially completed with full functionality for the end-users to view and navigate. Completed all necessary documentation.

10AUG2018
Have the end-user group to evaluate the website and rate us out of 5 marks. Finish writing group evaluation. Submitted work by harry Su. 
